# Code-Wars 
# 1. Implement a function that adds two numbers together and returns their sum in binary. The conversion can be done before, or after the addition The binary number returned should be a string. Examples:(Input1, Input2 --> Output (explanation))) 
# 2. Given an array of ones and zeroes, convert the equivalent binary value to an integer.  
# 3. Create a function that returns the sum of the two lowest positive numbers given an array of minimum 4 positive integers. No floats or non-positive integers will be passed.
# 4. Now you have to write a function that takes an argument and returns the square of it. 
# 5. It's pretty straightforward. Your goal is to create a function that removes the first and last characters of a string. You're given one parameter, the original string. You don't have to worry with strings with less than two characters. 
# 7. If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Finish the solution so that it returns the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below the number passed in. Additionally, if the number is negative, return 0 (for languages that do have them). Note: If the number is a multiple of both 3 and 5, only count it once.  
# 8 Count the number of Duplicates Write a function that will return the count of distinct case-insensitive alphabetic characters and numeric digits that occur more than once in the input string. The input string can be assumed to contain only alphabets (both uppercase and lowercase) and numeric digits Example "abcde" -> 0 # no characters repeats more than once "aabbcde" -> 2 # 'a' and 'b' "aabBcde" -> 2 # 'a' occurs twice and 'b' twice `b` and `B` "indivisibility" -> 1 # 'i' occurs six times "Indivisibilities" -> 2 # 'i' occurs seven times and 's' occurs twice "aA11" -> 2 # 'a' and '1'"ABBA" -> 2 # 'A' and 'B' each occur twice  
# 9 Given two arrays a and b write a function comp(a, b) (orcompSame(a, b)) that checks whether the two arrays have the "same" elements, with the same multiplicities (the multiplicity of a member is the number of times it appears). "Same" means, here, that the elements in b are the elements in a squared, regardless of the order. 
# 10 Factorials are often used in probability and are used as an introductory problem for looping constructs. In this kata you will be summing together multiple factorials.
# 11 Factorials are often used in probability and are used as an introductory problem for looping constructs. In this kata you will be summing together multiple factorials.
# 12 An Arithmetic Progression is defined as one in which there is a constant difference between the consecutive terms of a given series of numbers. You are provided with consecutive elements of an Arithmetic Progression. There is however one hitch: exactly one term from the original series is missing from the set of numbers which have been given to you. The rest of the given series is the same as the original AP. Find the missing term.You have to write a function that receives a list, list size will always be at least 3 numbers. The missing term will never be the first or last one.

